Put your final project proposal here.

What project you want to do
What background knowledge do you have on this kind of project, and why do you want to do this project? (Put another way, in what way will you be motivated to see this project to completion?)
A rough timeline of what will get accomplished and when (e.g, "By the end of Week 2, I will have implemented XYZ and will start working on ABC")
If you were to finish the project early, what extra "stretch goals" could you implement?


For my final project, I will be creating a copy of the popular game, tetris. I have been playing the game since I was a kid, so I have a devent idea about how the project works and why it would require sufficient work on my part and would involve the use of the Cinder framework. The version I have in mind is not quite Tetris, but rather more of a drag and drog version, where the user will be given three random tetris blocks with a board, and they will have to place those three blocks down to make rows or columns completely filled out. I'm especially excited to complete this project because it's always been in the back of my mind, but until recently, I had no way of implementing it. Now that I have a somewhat solid understanding of Cinder, I should be able to implement a version of the project. 
Assuming I have 3 weeks, in the first week I want to get down the functionality of providing the user with the blocks. This would entail the object decomposition of the blocks and the board. In the second week, I would want to complete any issues with the first week and develop winning rows and column checks, as well as implement the UI. In the third and final week, I want to implement a timer feature, and possibly if time permits, I want to add an algorithm which will predict the best way to "derail" the player in placing blocks, so that it adds a difficulty level to the game. This would partially be a stretch goal, but even if this was implemented, I think the final thing would be playing against an AI, where you can see how last you can long in a game vs an AI player.
